
My First Million Podcast
Asking My Friend How He Went From $0
To +$100M Before Age 30
Interview with Syed Balkhi
[00:01:14.750] - Shaan Puri
So you're an amazing guy. So let me just set the table here for people. Let me just give you a little... Let
me just tease everybody with the appetizer. So I think you've done something that I don't even know five
other people on Earth who have done what you've done, which is that you've basically bootstrap a
unicorn. You've bootstrapped a billion-dollar company. You're only 32 years old. So you did this by 32. You
also didn't invent the next big thing. It's not like you did this because you're super genius. You're not like
Vitalik, creating Ethereum on the blockchain or something crazy like that. You just did a very specific set
of prudent, smart actions, and it just added up in an amazing way. We're going to talk about it. But also, I
didn't know shit about you. Sam's known you for a little while. He brought you up on the pod a while back.
He goes, I know this guy or I met this guy. He's really interesting. He does this WordPress stuff. Have you
seen him? And I was like, No, we went to your personal website. I don't know if you ever got this clip, but
way back in the day, we went to your personal website.We were talking about you, but we didn't know too
much. Then we do Camp MFM, which was my basketball fantasy camp. We're invited 25 other founders.
We had an NBA guy come basically treat us like we were pretend we're a pro for the weekend. When we
were there, there's so many people to get to know again. I didn't really get to know everybody at the same
time. But then Mr. Beast did something amazing. One night we were all in the kitchen, basically. We're all
hungry after basketball. And Mr. Beast just sets a chair in the middle of the room and he goes, I don't
know who any of you guys are because he's like, We've just been playing basketball all day and now I'm
curious. Like, Who the hell are you guys? You tech nerds, basically. And he's like, Sit out of this chair. You
sit out. And then he would just interrogate that person. All right, what do you do? Who are you? All right,
how does that work? Is that big? What's your dream? Okay, cool. And then he was like, Go to the next
person. And I think you were maybe the third or fourth person in the hot seat. And I was like, Oh, this is
great. I actually don't know too much of Syed's story. And then you just blew us away. You blew us away.
Your story was so good. Mr. Beast, while he was interrogating you, I thought it was just like the perfect
interview. If we had just recorded that podcast, I would have been happy. So we're just going to try to
recreate that moment right now.
[00:03:36.030] - Sam Parr
Well, and Syed, you are one of the quieter, more humbler people there. Probably the most impressive in
terms of traditional business accomplishments. And it was very fascinating what you've done. I basically
heard about you through my friend, Nevel Madora. And what I know about you is that you had this blog
called WP Beginner, which wrote really a ton of articles. Some of it really simple. Like, how do I set up a
WordPress site? And I think that ended up getting, or still does, has a ton of traffic. And then if I remember
correctly, and this is just from an outsider's perspective, you'll have to tell me if I'm right or wrong, you
basically started buying different WordPress plugins that I imagine you saw were popular on your blog. So
it was like, how do I set up a form to capture emails on my WordPress blog? And you probably got lots of
traffic and you're like, oh, I should just go buy one of these. Or here are the five best plugins for this thing,
or here's the five best themes. And if you put your cursor over the links on WP beginner, you'll see which
of the links are affiliate. And I'm guessing that of the top five, let's say, forms for WordPress based off the
URL, you own three of the top five. And through that, you've built this into a business. By the way, you've
never told me. I'm just guessing that makes high tens of millions of dollars in revenue.
[00:04:59.630] - Shaan Puri
I don't know, Sam. Not tens of millions. Nine figures of revenue. Over $100 million.
[00:05:06.540] - Sam Parr
Of revenue. Oh, I did not know that. Okay. Wow.
[00:05:08.960] - Shaan Puri
So just to paint the picture here, you have WP Engine and we'll talk about how... Sorry.
[00:05:13.990] - Syed Balkhi
Wp beginner.
[00:05:15.060] - Shaan Puri
So WP beginner, and we'll talk about how you got to that. But that's the content site. That's just providing
free help content to other people like you who are trying to make sites in the WordPress ecosystem.
That's the mainstay. And so I'll draw an analogy here because we've had Andrew Wilkinson on the pod, I
don't know, a dozen times or something. He's probably one of the most famous guests and most favorite
guests of our community. You have a business that's a lot like his. He's got a portfolio of companies.
You've got a portfolio of companies. He had Metalab, which was his core business, CashCow thing that
allowed him to buy these others. You had your WordPress site, the content site that was your core
engine. But I think your model actually might be a little bit better. That's no knock on Andrew. It's just to
get people excited here. So basically, you, I think, have a more one ecosystem. You're like, Okay, I'm
going to dominate this WordPress ecosystem. The good thing is that WordPress, I think, powers like 30 or
40 % of all websites. So it's huge. It's basically like a huge chunk of the Internet. And then all your stuff fits
together. So you have one customer, they're trying to make a successful website and grow and solve
other problems. You're like, Great. I have the content that will help you. Then I have the tools that will help
you. And you either buy them or you build them. And you've created this portfolio that now does nine
figures of revenue, probably worth a billion dollars. You own the whole thing yourself with no outside
investors. You're only 32 years old. You've built an amazing thing. So that's just a sketch out, like the
blueprint here for what you've done. Sam, would you add anything to that description?
[00:06:56.980] - Sam Parr
Well, then there's all his side hobby stuff, which I read his annual report and he's like, I bought a gas
station or I bought eight or ten gas stations. So that's a whole other conversation. But yeah, that's about it.
[00:07:09.210] - Shawn Puri
Let's do a quick thing on the Origin story so that people have it. You told me once on the phone you said, I
think you were doing consulting or something. You had an agency. You were like, I was helping people
make websites and I was building CRMs or whatever for them. Then WordPress came out and I was like,
Oh, this is way better. They should be using WordPress. You just were a service agency, right? Then
WordPress became your core service. Then you're like, Okay, I'm just going to help people make
WordPress sites for their business. Is that right?
[00:07:37.760] - Syed Balkhi
Pretty much. Remember, the very first websites that I built were online proxies because I wanted to play
games in school and I was making ad revenue on proxies and some arcade turnkey sites and I was
helping small other local businesses set up their websites. I tried making my own CMS with PHP. By the
way, I can code, I'm not the best at it. I would say now I probably suck at it.
[00:08:02.260] - Sam Parr
What age was this?
[00:08:05.060] - Syed Balkhi
Thirteen, 14. I would build these websites super cheap, call it $250, $300, I would make you a website
back in the day. But what happened is that these clients would always rely on me to make changes to it,
changes to the websites. As I started doing consulting at a bigger scale, I didn't want to do these small
end things. I discovered WordPress around this time. This was 2006. I said, WordPress was only an
inception for three years. Wordpress started in 2003, so I discovered it in 2006. To put it in perspective,
I'm 32 now. I've been in WordPress half of my life. The result is compounding in one thing for half of my
life now.
[00:08:53.200] - Shaan Puri
By the way, you're 13, 14 doing this. Are you at the dinner table at night being like, My clients are paining
the ass right now, mom. What are you saying at home? And also, how are these people finding you? Are
they coming to your middle school and you're handing out flyers? What's going on?
[00:09:08.070] - Syed Balkhi
No. We moved from Pakistan to US when I was 12. My dad had a mechanical engineering degree, but it
did not validate when he came to US. So he was working 16 hours a day as a gas station clerk, attendant
just swiping things. Sixteen hours a day, could you not? Every day, Monday to Friday. And on the
weekend, he had his third job. So I didn't really see my dad. My mom was busy because there's three of
us and the fourth one on the way. So my youngest brother was born in US. So there was not many dinner
conversations happening. I wanted to figure out a way to have some chunk of change in my pocket so I
can buy junk food like Mountain Dew and Kit Kat and Snickers and all the shit that you buy when you're in
high school.
[00:09:55.060] - Shaan Puri
Dude, your dad was at the gas station, man. You had the hookup. You just needed to ask. He was not
cutting you any breaks there.
[00:10:03.210] - Syed Balkhi
No way. My dad would never do that. By the.
[00:10:05.970] - Shaan Puri
Way, you went to high school at age 12 also, right?
[00:10:09.360] - Syed Balkhi
Yeah, I started. I moved here. I had just finished seventh grade in Pakistan, and I came here in March.
This two-month gap, the school system is like, Well, we can put you in eighth grade. In worst case
scenario, you'll repeat eighth grade because that's where you're supposed to be in any ways. But our
education system in Pakistan is far better than the one we have here in US. They're like, You can go to
high school. I'm like 12 in high school. The youngest person in school, I did not speak English that well. I
would say probably very little English. I knew how to read English because we were taught alphabets and
such, but my communication skills were not there. That was a pretty challenging time for me. I spent most
of the time in the library. During lunchtime, I was in the library and I wanted to play games because I'm
like, I can't talk to humans. I would just play on the computer. Those game sites were blocked. I'm like,
How do you unblock this thing? And that drove me down. In terms of how I was getting clients, it was
through these forums online.You had forums like the DN Forum, Digital Point, NamePros, bunch of these
OG communities online where you can get business. And my cousin got me into one of those.
[00:11:20.030] - Shaan Puri
They don't know you're 13. You're just a guy.
[00:11:21.630] - Syed Balkhi
In a forum. No. We had a family friend who needed a website and they had a local business. They knew
how old I was and they're like, Oh, you can do it. I'll pay you $300 to build my website. I'm like, Okay,
sounds good. And then that's how that funnel started.
[00:11:36.710] - Shaan Puri
You're doing sites, you're trying to make your own CMS, you discover WordPress, you're like, Oh, this is
way better. Here's a CMS out of the box. What becomes the aha moment and when do you create the
blog?
[00:11:46.860] - Syed Balkhi
I had discovered WordPress, moved these clients over. I had affiliate sites. I was doing affiliate promos at
the time. I was discovering this. I had directories that I was telling you about earlier. I wanted to get more
traffic, so I created these Myspace profiles, they were fake profiles, and got hundreds of thousands of
followers and I would send both DMs, the cool that which were called bulletins on Myspace. I would just
wanted more traffic and I went down the rabbit hole of SEO, which brought me to WordPress because
WordPress was dynamic content, so I added the blogs to the directories, started using WordPress for the
clients. I had the social media profiles on and stumbled upon that were superpower users and such.
Essentially, when I wanted to get rid of this business, the consulting business, I wanted to figure out how
do you do this. I asked other agency owners and they're like, Well, we just have these PDFs that we give
to our clients. I'm like, But WordPress updates all the time. How do you keep those PDFs updated?
They're like, Oh, no, we update the PDFs. I'm like, That's dumb. You should use WordPress to update
those documentation.
[00:12:56.210] - Shaan Puri
Essentially, WCBeginner started that way. It was the unofficial documentation for WordPress. Now,
WordPress had documentation, but it was written for developers by developers. Nothing was for business
owners.
[00:13:07.420] - Sam Parr
And begin- And what year was this?
[00:13:09.250] - Syed Balkhi
2009.
[00:13:10.370] - Shaan Puri
Well, one good point here is that that's now six years after WordPress started and you're making the
beginner site, and there really wasn't a great one. Most people, I think, there's a lesson I've seen many,
many times as we talk to different guests, which is sometimes you feel like you're late, but you're rarely
ever actually late to the wave. And Kevin Van Trump told us this one time. He goes, For all the best
things, you always get a second turn to get on the train. You feel like you're late. You feel like you missed
it. But often you're not that late, actually. Don't talk yourself out of it. There's almost always another
chance to hop on.
[00:13:46.410] - Sam Parr
According to SimilarWeb, right now you get like two or three million visits a month. The early website,
shockingly, doesn't look significantly different than how it looks now. You nailed it right out the gate. It's
like... It was a simple website where you just have articles about picking the right name, how to install
WordPress, selecting the right theme, picking the right web hosting. But were you writing this stuff?
Because I know you're an English as a second language person. So are you actually writing these
articles? Because a lot of them are long. Like, look, 55 of the most wanted WordPress tips, tricks, and
hacks.
[00:14:21.880] - Sam Parr
Are pretty in-depth articles as well as you're playing the game of SEO and you clearly understand
English. Yeah.
[00:14:30.510] - Syed Balkhi
By this time, I was already in college. I started high school at 12, started college at 16. By that time, my
English had gotten much, much better. I was writing these articles on WP beginner. I had a team of two
other people that were helping me with the website. The website looks similar now and what it was in
2009. There was a period when I changed it and there was a mistake. I changed the color scheme too
much and the audience were like they didn't resonate with it. I changed it all back and haven't changed it
since then. Because the big lesson was big companies don't really change their stuff because they know
if it's working, don't break it. If it's not broke, don't fix it. Don't interrupt compounding unnecessarily, as
Charlie Munger says. I made it go back to what it looks like, and it's been that way since 2012.
[00:15:19.590] - Sam Parr
And what tools do you use to figure out? Because I imagine most of these articles, you're writing them
based off of what people are searching for, is that right?
[00:15:27.790] - Syed Balkhi
Yes, it's a combination of that and what they're asking us through our contact form, what they're asking us
in our Facebook group. I think our Facebook group has probably over 90,000 members and support
requests are coming. So yes, we have our own keyword generator. If you go on WTBeginners, hit in on
the free tools page is a keyword generator and you can put in anything in there like WordPress and it will
tell you what people are searching for.
[00:15:50.570] - Sam Parr
And you have a lot of comments early on. In 2010, a year or two after starting, you already had 26
responses. I just clicked on a random article. So you're getting traction. Yeah.
[00:16:00.030] - Syed Balkhi
So a couple of things happened that worked out for me. One, do you guys remember dig.Com?
[00:16:06.820] - Sam Parr
Yeah.
[00:16:07.560] - Syed Balkhi
It was really popular. So I had a power user profile there. One out of two articles that I would submit would
hit the front page. So of course, I used that to my benefit, and I used that network to my benefit.
[00:16:19.320] - Shann Puri
How did you get a power user profile? Because there was legitimate ways and illegitimate ways to do
that. I'm curious, how did you end up.
[00:16:25.690] - Syed Balkhi
Having that? It's just a social circle. There's these engagement pods that you go on, and back in the day
was on MSN Messenger and AIO. We just had the engagement pods. So if I submit something with a
group chat and everybody would dump their items in there, and you would upload it. So I was the
engagement pod.
[00:16:48.310] - Sam Parr
And what year did WP beginner cross a million in revenue, in annual revenue? In annual revenue. How
long did that take?
[00:16:55.940] - Syed Balkhi
Maybe a year and a half or so.
[00:16:58.670] - Sam Parr
Oh, damn, you crushed it.
[00:16:59.810] - Syed Balkhi
Right Yeah. We had a good revenue stream. Let me take a step back. There was this business and the
listical business. So collectively passed a million in a year and a half. So about 2000, 11, then 12.
[00:17:17.270] - Shaan Puri
And so your early 20s, basically at that stage. You're a millionaire.
[00:17:21.740] - Syed Balkhi
That was my first million.
[00:17:22.990] - Shaan Puri
How does that feel? You said you grew up... Your dad worked... You told me you were like, Yeah, my dad
worked at a gas station. In a case study guy says, Gas station. I know you own gas stations. I was like,
Oh, so your family-owned gas stations. You go, No, no, no. He sat in the gas station. He swiped the cards
in the gas station. And you're like, Everybody in my family I knew you were either you worked at a gas
station or you're like, Oh, you're real smart. You get to be a bank teller. That's all you knew in your bubble.
So tell me two things. How did you get... Because you got to see the possibility of being a business
person, of being wealthy before you're going to even do it. So how did that happen? And how did it feel
when... The name of the podcast is my first real name. I'm curious, how did it feel when that first
happened? Do you remember your reaction?
[00:18:05.870] - Syed Balkhi
Yeah. I'll tell you how I knew it was possible. I used to play cricket, which if you have a lot of listeners in
Pakistan and India, they love cricket. I love cricket. I was playing cricket and there are many leagues in
US. In South Florida, there was one, and there's many now too. I met this Pakistani gentleman and he
was a sponsor for our team. He's a crazy cricket fanatic and he became my mentor, and now he's a family
friend. But back then, I just see this Pakistani guy driving S class and just super humble, super nice. I'm
like, What do you do? Are you born into money or what's your spiel? I was pretty blunt as a kid. So he's
like, No, I have real estate. I came to the US with $500 in my pocket or $100 in my pockets. Those typical
immigrant story. Then he, after we would win the games, he would take us out to eat. Sometimes he
would invite us all to his house, which is like big mega mansion, 18,000 square foot house. And his kids
were my age. So we'll just go over to his house, hang out. Sometimes we would go over to his house to
watch cricket games because they're happening on the other side of the world, so time zones are
different. In between breaks, I was the one who took interest in his business. His kids were all roaming
around. I'm like, Tell me how this works. Tell me how this works. He would tell me stories like, Oh, this is
how I took over a Burger King for free, or This is how I did this, and this is how I started. I absorbed a lot
of the earlier lessons on business, finance, just hustle from him. He was always super encouraging. He'll
ask me, How is this going? I felt like I could talk to him about it. That was the early stage of me knowing
that this is possible because nobody in my family had any wealth. We were just working at gas stations.
All my uncles, everybody, and if you're really smart, you're working at the teller at the bank. That was a
motivation part. In terms of how it felt when I hit my first million, you would think it would be the joyous
moment of, Oh, my God, look at this. I was more scared than anything because is this going to last?
That's the question that you have. In your 20s, you come from nothing and you have this thing. You're
like, Is this going to last forever? What am I supposed to be doing? I have no guidance. There was this
inherent fear. I always lived below my means, way, way, way below my means. When I was in college.
Did not buy any furniture. I just slept on a floor on a blanket because that's how I grew up in Pakistan. I'm
just like, I'm not going to buy any furniture. Why waste time and money with this? So in my apartment, I
had a blanket and I got a desk from Goodwill. So that's what I worked on.
[00:21:01.380] - Sam Parr
And what's amazing is you said, I would have thought the first million came sooner than 2012, but
because in 10 years, you've grown that from one to 100 plus or whatever it is. When were the inflection
points where you were like, All right, blogging is cool and it's working. Yes. Let's get beyond.
[00:21:23.290] - Syed Balkhi
Yeah. So I launched Optin Monster in 2013, list 25 in 2011. These things started really cranking. I had
some really sweetheart affiliate deals with certain companies that worked out really well for me. That was
good. In that time, we were coming out of the economy, the recession. There are still some real estate
deals to be had. I bought my gas station in the first one primarily because I wanted to offset expenses
with an appreciating asset, which was a lesson I learned from my mentor.
[00:21:59.610] - Sam Parr
Yeah, let's talk about that one real quick. Just do a quick little monolog on why did you buy a gas station
when you found out you were having a kid?
[00:22:09.210] - Syed Balkhi
One of the things I learned from my mentor early on, I was like, How do you justify buying a Mercedes?
Because that's a depreciating asset. He's like, Yeah, but when I drive in this, people think of me better.
There's impression game, et cetera. How I justify it is I buy something that's an appreciating asset, like
real estate, and I just use the income from that to pay my lease payment. My principal never disappears. I
was like, That's a good idea. Your principal continues to appreciate and you're using the income from it to
offset. It also helps you stay disciplined because you're not going to go overspend your money, because
normally when you get a raise or something like this, everybody just thinks in monthly payments. So this
takes you away from the monthly payments mindset into thinking a little bit bigger. So when I was about
to have my son, I was 26. By this time, guys, I was doing all right. I had all these VC firms reaching out to
me. I could have had a solid eight-figure exit to a high eight-figure exit. I had offers for that at the time.
[00:23:18.890] - Sam Parr
I'm just like- High eight figures as in 90?
[00:23:22.550] - Syed Balkhi
As in 70 at the time, 70.
[00:23:25.110] - Sam
For WP Beginner?
[00:23:26.510] - Syed Balkhi
No, I had Optin Monster at the time, and I had the Gallery Solution at the time and I had WB Forms, I had
Analytics.
[00:23:35.110] - Shaan
Were you close to taking it and how did you decide not to?
[00:23:39.030] - Syed Balkhi
Yeah, I definitely thought about it. But then I was like, What would I do afterwards? My son is going to
grow up seeing me not work because I'm like, I'll be set with that money. I would not go do anything. If
you have $10 million, $20 million, you put it in the bank and you're like, Hey, this is it. Even after paying
taxes, I would have a lot more than that. I would be set. So the factor that my wife and I talked about was
what instilled my work ethic was watching my dad work. And I wanted my son to at least see that.
[00:24:17.590] - Sam
What was the multiple on that? To get to 70 million, is it as high as 10X multiple?
[00:24:24.100] - Syed Balkhi
At that time? No, it was lower than that.
[00:24:28.330] - Sam
So you turn that down I.
[00:24:30.740] - Syed Balkhi
Turned that down.
[00:24:32.080] - Shaan
You turned it down. You've turned it down because you were like, I want my son to see me work.
[00:24:37.340] - Syed Balkhi
Yeah. Also, I wasn't ready to give up my baby. At this time, my son is about to be born, and I'm like, Okay,
how much does a baby cost? What are the costs of the baby? And you're like, Okay, well, you're going to
have diapers, you're going to have schooling and this and that. I'm like, Well, now if I buy something that
gives me at least five or six grand a month, and then that, and then that, and then that, and then the baby
costs are covered for. It's going to give me $60,000 to $70,000 a year. And now I don't have to think about
it. And my family is taking care of no matter what happens to me. So yeah, that's what I got for. Baby
Shower. Most people take the money they make and then they're like, All right, that's what I have to
spend, and they spend it. What you do from your mentor is you take the money you make, that has to
now go to buy an appreciating asset that will spit off cash flow, and then you could spend whatever that
one makes. So it's like a savings program, basically. You go by the gas station, the gas station is going to
pay you. And you're like, That will pay for this child. I'm not going to provide for my family. This gas station
is going to provide for my family. I'm going to put food on the table. Dude, it allows me to one, sleep better
at night and to be more bullish in the deals that I'm doing.
[00:26:02.720] - Sam
How many gas stations do you own now?
[00:26:04.280] - Syed Balkhi
10.
[00:26:04.940] - Sam
And you own a bank, too.
[00:26:06.620] - Syed Balkhi
I bought a bank, yes. Wells Fargo.
[00:26:09.720] - Sam
Wells Fargo. Because you have a cool blog post where you're like, I used to go to this bank all the time,
and I decided to buy it this year.
[00:26:16.490] - Syed Balkhi
Yeah, I used to ride my bicycle around it. I couldn't go to the bank. I didn't have a bank at the time. I used
to ride my bicycle around the bank because there was a sports authority there, an office depot there. I
would just ride my bike into that, and then I bought that building.
[00:26:27.540] - Sam
What amazes me is how... I don't know if your similar web estimates are right, but do you say what your
monthly traffic is on WP beginner?
[00:26:38.060] - Syed Balkhi
No. But it's in the millions.
[00:26:41.610] - Sam
Okay. So let's just assume that similar web is roughly correct. Two to five million. We'll give a huge range
a month. That's a lot. That's not that much. What's crazy to me is that, I mean, that's high intent traffic. It's
likely people who are coming to buy something like they want to in the email software. So they're coming
for a review. It's just amazing to me that that much traffic has created so much value.
[00:27:05.750] - Syed Balkhi
I think when you start your online business, most people think about maybe a CPM model of monetization
or a CPC model of monetization. There are other and better models of monetization. You can have CPMs,
you can have CPA, you can have a combination of CPM, CPA. You can have recurring commissions. So
you're talking.
[00:27:31.360] - Sam
About CPM, meaning just $10 per 1,000 visitors for a display ad versus cost per lead or cost per
acquisition, which is someone buys something, they give you $100 per month if it's a Mailchimp and
someone's paying $500 a month, they'll say, All right, you get a $100 per month while they're a customer.
[00:27:50.660] - Syed Balkhi
Correct. And there are verticals that are not available in WC beginner. Because remember I was telling
you, I did a lot of affiliate marketing as well. There are verticals that pay you on a lead basis and hundreds
of dollars. Just for a lead, not for commission as an affiliate, not like you made a sale. Just a lead will get
you hundreds of dollars. So I did a lot of those, and I still do. So that's a good cash cow. Those verticals
are available where you can go and promote something and get over $100 in a lead.
[00:28:24.150] - Sam
Has the WP beginner revenue grown like the rest of the business? Or is that just like you're like, I'm
perfectly fine with it just being a steady 10 or $15 million a year thing, and I use, I bet you it's super
profitable. I'm looking at your team page. I would bet you make 50 % profit or something crazy. And you're
like, I'm just going to take that profit and buy more stuff, and I'm okay with that being steady.
[00:28:44.720] - Syed Balkhi
Pretty much. On a content business, you cannot compound it as much. Eventually, what happens is you
will hit the traffic mask that you hit, and you can unlock as many levers as you can, but the compounding
will stop because it's a reoccurring revenue. The person that I referred this year to something is not going
to compound next year. I'm not going to get that plus new customers, which is what happens in a software
business, which is recurring revenue. So yes, your assumption is right that while W2Beginner has grown,
it hasn't grown at the same pace as the software companies. And that's a very big mental shift between
recurring revenue and reoccurring revenue for all the creators that are listening. Because once you
understand that, you'll start thinking about your business a little differently. So I took all of our profits and
invested in software, in tools. I still have niche tools that are not even related to WordPress that I bought
off of Flippa and sometimes just private outreach because I knew those verticals were going to be
lucrative because I had a better offer than they were promoting. And I paid one guy, I think $15,000
upfront. And in the very first month, it made me 18 grand. And now every month it makes me over 10
grand. And it's pure profit. Nobody touches that tool. I think about that just as good as a gas station
because my hosting cost for that tool is maybe like $8 a month, maybe 10, and that's it. You can have
these cash flow income streams that come through. And that's how I was able to buy the business that I
did without any outside financing, without any outside debt. I was also in a market that wasn't fully mature.
There was that advantage that those shrewd PEs and VCs are not in the market, they didn't understand
the market. I could see the potential of a business. I might buy something and you're saying, Well, this
has no revenue. It just has user base. I can come in and say, Yeah, but if I do this and this, it can be a
seven-figure business. I might buy something for six figures and then in two years, that thing will make
seven figures in profit.